mmm Alabama's about now uh live goodness
another you know you know me them no no
I'm not going to complain oh my now pair
play you've got trouble to do roll them
you don't come in listen to mine I know
that but honestly ladies and gentlemen
of certain things in life but human
flesh and blood cannot stand and I'm one
of them I mean I'm humor I am aren't I
well there's no need to take a vote on
it but as you all know if honestly
everything comes to a head beside a
piece a plate the boy they are play for
the by now and this week you honest you
but no idea you have no idea
put it relevant told you you know don't
give up going for a minute are you know
well now know that consumptively time
I've had some jobs in my time but last
week oh yeah that's all I got but come
with a messenger a messenger I've been I
kept you out of it listen when you see
last week Wednesday I think with anyone
went enough we wasn't yeah yeah what do
you see there I want messenger when the
post came you go now and the bus came up
and he said ah good morning he said I
wanted the collection good from the
depot and delivered them to crew
so anyway I went along with that poem I
went along forget oh and I call the
forum and I said no time for these goods
they need to go each of their labor room
buddy they're not in here quick but when
we start went along by the labor room
ready all right
two elephants will never get these -
crew laughs - never get these the crew
eats that I don't care where you get
them to begin another here
is that the place is cleaning up for in
up for the place and beam so I've got a
bit of string and I am planning on the
next stage and I let him out in the
street I don't know but the way people
spared the way people are scared you've
never seen two elephants go down the
underground before